Line 1:
GT: Of simple Mercantile Defraudment
Pred: Of Simple Mercantile Defraudment

Line 2:
GT: more advantage than it were to be wished it had over indi
Pred: more advantages than it were to be wished it had over inde-

Line 3:
GT: :gent merit: and an artificial arrangement of this sort would
Pred: gent merit: and an artificial arrangement of this sort would

Line 4:
GT: add to the natural incitements which verge a man from all
Pred: and to the natural incitements which urge a man from all

Line 5:
GT: quarters to seek the acquirement of wealth by dishonesly
Pred: quarters to seek the acquirement of wealth by dishonesty

Line 6:
GT: and other unworthy means. As to the affections of the peo=­
Pred: and other unworthy means. As to the affections of the free

Line 7:
GT: -:ple, sool K;olings, and oppresive a preference given to the
Pred: ple, so striking and oppressive a preference given to the

Line 8:
GT: less numerous class over the more numerous will na:
Pred: less numerous class over the more numerous will ne.

Line 9:
GT: :turally be but ill relished by the latter.
Pred: naturally he but ill relished by the latter.

Line 10:
GT: The difference, it is true, is rather apparent than
Pred: The difference, it is true, is rather apparent than

Line 11:
GT: real: for a man iniesponsible circumstances may probably
Pred: real: for a man in responsible circumstances may probably

Line 12:
GT: in point of fact suffer as much by being deprived of part
Pred: in point of fact suffer as much by being deprived of part

Line 13:
GT: of his property, nousidering the share of reputation that
Pred: of his property, considering the share of reputation that

Line 14:
GT: goes along with it, as a man in irresponsible circumstances
Pred: goes along with it, as a man in irresponsible circumstances

Line 15:
GT: would be by being made to undergo a severe corporal pu:
Pred: would be by being made to undergo a severe corporal pu⟨nishment⟩

Line 16:
GT: ­:nishment: and if both were to undergo the same corporal
Pred: punishment: and if both were to undergo the same corporal

Line 17:
GT: punishment, the punishment, that is the suffering, though
Pred: punishment, the punishment, that is the suffering, though.

Line 18:
GT: very much the reverse.
Pred: very much the reverse.

Line 19:
GT: equal
Pred: equal,

Line 20:
GT: nominally [the same] would in reality be [much greater to the lat
Pred: nominally (the same) would in reality be much greater to the lat

Line 21:
GT: :ter.] But this distinction, however real, is too subtle to be gene:
Pred: ser. But this distinction, however real, is too subtile to be gene-

Line 22:
GT: =rally
Pred: rally

Line 23:
GT: 171
Pred: 17

Line 24:
GT: OLL.
Pred: OLL.

Line 25:
GT: 71
Pred: 71

Line 26:
GT: 157
Pred: 157

