Line 1:
GT: Of family Imposture.
Pred: Of Family Imposture.

Line 2:
GT: pretended mother was or was not privy to the Imposture.
Pred: pretended mother was or was not privy to the Imposture.

Line 3:
GT: 4. But if any one bring up a child begotten of a married Woman
Pred: 4. But if any one bring up a child begotten of a married Woman

Line 4:
GT: during the continuance of the marriage by and Adulterer, as if it
Pred: during the continuance of the marriage by an Adulterer, as if it

Line 5:
GT: were the child of the Husband, this is not family Imposture.
Pred: were the child of the Husband, this is not Family Imposture.

Line 6:
GT: Punishment.
Pred: Punishment.

Line 7:
GT: For family Imposture the Punishment of an Impostor
Pred: For Family Imposture the Punishment of an Impostor

Line 8:
GT: himself shall be as follows.
Pred: himself shall be as follows,

Line 9:
GT: 1. He shall be punished ignominously and afflictively with the
Pred: 1. He shall be punished ignominously and afflictively with the

Line 10:
GT: Impostor's Mask. See [Punishments]
Pred: Impostor's Mask. See [Punishments]

Line 11:
GT: 2. He shall be Zeiprisoned or confined to hard labour for Life.
Pred: 2. He shall be imprisoned or confined to hard Labour for Life.

Line 12:
GT: The Punishment of a Suborner shall be as follows:
Pred: The Punishment of a Suborner shall be as follows:

Line 13:
GT: 1. He shall be ignominiously connected with an Impostor or the Effi=
Pred: 1. He shall be ignominiously connected with an Impostor or the Effi

Line 14:
GT: gy of an Impostor.
Pred: gy of an Impostor.

Line 15:
GT: 2. He shall be Zeiprisoned or confined to hard labour for Life.
Pred: 2. He shall be imprisoned or confined to hard Labour for Life.

Line 16:
GT: Exposition
Pred: Exposition

Line 17:
GT: [A) Suborner] There may be a suborner of imposture, where there is no
Pred: [A) Suborner] There may be a suborner of imposture, where there is no

Line 18:
GT: impostor: the party falsely pretended to possess the character in question
Pred: impostor: the party falsely pretended to possess the character in question.

Line 19:
GT: not knowing but he is intitled to it; for instance in the case of a suppo:
Pred: not knowing but he is intitled to it; for instance in the case of a suppo:

Line 20:
GT: Excuses
Pred: Excuses

Line 21:
GT: :sititious Child.
Pred: :sititious Child.

