Line 1:
GT: Of Polygamy.
Pred: of Polygamy.

Line 2:
GT: under the Justices of the Laws. She is to be regarded therefore
Pred: under the auspices of the Laws. She is to be regarded therefore

Line 3:
GT: on the footing of a Widow. In point of reason she ought not to
Pred: on the footing of a Widow. In point of reason she ought not to

Line 4:
GT: be regarded in a light in the least degree less favourable
Pred: be regarded in a light in the least degree less favourable

Line 5:
GT: But popular prejudice is self perfectly equitable to
Pred: But popular prejudice is seldom perfectly equitable to

Line 6:
GT: misfortune.
Pred: misfortune.

Line 7:
GT: next with regard to Sharping. It is not always that
Pred: Next with regard to shaping. It is not always that

Line 8:
GT: a woman thus imposed upon suffers in her fortune. Perhaps
Pred: a Woman thus imposed upon suffers in her fortune. Perhaps

Line 9:
GT: she had none: the only bait that compted the Offender was her
Pred: she had none: the only bait that tempted the Offender was her

Line 10:
GT: person. It is only in case of her having had a fortune, and
Pred: person. It is only in case of her having had a fortune, and

Line 11:
GT: that fortune's having been dissipated by the Offender, that she
Pred: that fortune's having been dissipated by the Offender, that she

Line 12:
GT: is a sufferer in this way. In the account of dissipation, so
Pred: is a sufferer in this way. In the account of dissipation, so

Line 13:
GT: much as it is supposed she would have expended had she
Pred: omuch as it is supposed she would have expended had she

Line 14:
GT: remained single, must be deducted.
Pred: remaind single, must be deducted.

Line 15:
GT: Puest. 1. Why criminal consciousness on the part of the second
Pred: Quest. 1. Why criminal consciousness on the part of the second

Line 16:
GT: Wife is made an Excuse in favour of the Man
Pred: Wife is made an Excuse in favour of the Man

Line 17:
GT: Reasons.
Pred: Reasons.

Line 18:
GT: The great mischief lies in the deceit put upon the Woman,
Pred: The great mischief lies in the deceit put upon the Woman,

Line 19:
GT: and the cisappointment which is apt to be the consequence. But
Pred: and the disappointment which is apt to be the consequence. But

Line 20:
GT: in this case there is no deceit nor cisappointment. It is a joint
Pred: in this case there is no deceit nor disappointment. It is a joint

Line 21:
GT: contrivance
Pred: contrivance
