Line 1:
GT: Of Matrimonial Desertion.
Pred: Of Matrimonial Desertion.

Line 2:
GT: It will be necessary to define what shall be deemed
Pred: It will be necessary to define what shall be deem'd

Line 3:
GT: Desertion, distinguishing it from the case of lawful Absence;
Pred: Desertion, distinguishing it from the case of lawful absence,

Line 4:
GT: and what steps shall be taken for giving notice.
Pred: and what Steps shall be taken for giving Notice.

Line 5:
GT: Let certain method be established whereby the Husband
Pred: Let certain methods be established whereby the Husband

Line 6:
GT: and the Wife may be enabled and obliged to correspond with
Pred: and the Wife may be enabled and obliged to correspond with

Line 7:
GT: one another at stated interval: and let a failure on either part
Pred: one another at stated intervals: and let a failure on either part

Line 8:
GT: for a certain time be deemed presumptive evidence of death or
Pred: for a certain time be deemed presumptive evidence of death or

Line 9:
GT: this
Pred: this

Line 10:
GT: desertion. Within the dominions of the state they might be manag=
Pred: desertion. Within the dominions of the state they might be manag

Line 11:
GT: -:ed in the manner mentioned in the Book of procedure. Tit.
Pred: red in the manner mentioned in the Book of Procedure. Id.

Line 12:
GT: As to Foreigners, upon their coming into the country
Pred: As to foreigners, upon their coming into the country

Line 13:
GT: let them be obliged to declare upon oath whether they are married
Pred: let them be obliged to declare upon oath whether they are married

Line 14:
GT: or single; and if single whether Bachelors or Spinsters, Widowers
Pred: or single; and if single whether Bachelors or Spinsters, Widowers

Line 15:
GT: or Widows. Of these declarations let Registers be kept, of which
Pred: or Widows. Of these declarations let Registers be kept, of which

Line 16:
GT: prelicous to their being married, copies should be required to be
Pred: previous to their being married, copies should be required to be

Line 17:
GT: produced. If married, certificate of the death of the Wife or
Pred: produced. If married, certificates of the death of the Wife or

Line 18:
GT: Husband. At present these important enquiries are left to the
Pred: Husband. At present these important enquiries are left to the

Line 19:
GT: uncertain prudence of individuals. The declarations above men:
Pred: uncertain prudence of individuals. The declarations above men

Line 20:
GT: ­:tioned should be accompanied with some détails respecting their
Pred: tioned should be accompanied with some details respecting their

Line 21:
GT: birth, parentage and last abode; such as may lead to direction
Pred: birth, parentage and last abode; such as may lead to detection

Line 22:
GT: in
Pred: Mr

