Line 1:
GT: Of
Pred: f

Line 2:
GT: Justifications.
Pred: Justifications.

Line 3:
GT: founders Law. 8. The Chymists Law &c. &c
Pred: Founder's Law. 8. The Chymists Law, &c. &c.

Line 4:
GT: 6. From Storms. See the Seafaring-man's Law Sect. Con=
Pred: 6. From Storms. See the Seafaring-man's Law Sect. con=

Line 5:
GT: :cerning Storms.
Pred: :concerning Storms.

Line 6:
GT: 7. From the Plague and other infectious16eases. See Laws
Pred: 7. From the Plague and other infectious diseases. See Laws

Line 7:
GT: concerning the Plague &c.
Pred: concerning the Plague &c.

Line 8:
GT: 8. From Persons insane: See Laws concerning persons
Pred: O. From Persons insane: See Laws concerning persons

Line 9:
GT: insane or 1. The Madmansalen. 2. The Ideot's Law. 2. The
Pred: insane or 1. The Madmans Law. 2. The Idols Law. 2. The

Line 10:
GT: Maniac's Law
Pred: Maniac's Law

Line 11:
GT: Instructions to the Legislator.
Pred: Instructions to the Legislator.

Line 12:
GT: It is not clear that in every one of the several titles of
Pred: It is not clear that in every one of the several titles of

Line 13:
GT: Law above mentioned there will need a provision or set of
Pred: Law above mentioned there will need a provision or set of

Line 14:
GT: provisions, authorising one person toenness upon the per
Pred: provisions, authorising one person to trespass upon the per

Line 15:
GT: son of another. To determine that question with respect to
Pred: son of another. To determine that question with respect to

Line 16:
GT: any of them would be to enter upon a branch of Law fo:
Pred: any of them would be to enter upon a branch of Law for

Line 17:
GT: :reign to that in hand. Nor with respect to every one of
Pred: assign to that in hand. Nor with respect to every one of

Line 18:
GT: these titles could such provisions be exhibited in terminis
Pred: These titles could such provisions be exhibited in terminis

Line 19:
GT: in any book of universal Law: since they will need to be
Pred: in any book of universal Law: since they will need to be

Line 20:
GT: different according to the various local circumstances of dif:
Pred: different according to the various local circumstances of diff

Line 21:
GT: :ferent states and provinces. The above reference are exhi:
Pred: diferent states and provinces. The above references are each

Line 22:
GT: :bited only in the way of example, to give a general idea
Pred: whited only in the way of example, to give a general idea

Line 23:
GT: of the mode of reference to be adopted on an
Pred: of the mode of reference 4be adopted on an

Line 24:
GT: occa=
Pred: occas=

Line 25:
GT: :sion, like the present.
Pred: :sion, like the present.

Line 26:
GT: In like manner, neither is it clear that the names
Pred: In like manner, neither is it clear that the names

Line 27:
GT: 7.
Pred: 7

